User questions belong on the users list (#2627)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/jcasc/index.adoc

=== Getting started

* link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin/blob/master/README.md[*Documentation and getting started*]

> * You can ask questions about it on the regular Jenkins Users mailing list (just prefix with [JCasC]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Questions about the **use** of configuration as code should be asked on the Jenkins Users mailing list (prefix the subject line with [JCasC]).
* Questions related to the **development** of the plugin should be asked on the Jenkins Developers mailing list  (just prefix with [JCasC]).
```

Reviewer 2: +1

Reviewer: @daniel-beck have you considered this suggestion and decided against it?  I'm fine with that choice, just need to know your choice before the merge.

Author: No opinion, either way works for me. If this makes the change more palatable to others, sure.

Reviewer: @daniel-beck then you'll need to be the one to commit the suggestion.  I don't have permission to commit to your repository.
